You're wrong about the villager trading
rework. Hear me out. Over 2 years ago,
Mojang released an extremely
controversial experimental change to
villager trading. The main change was
that librarians would only sell a few
enchantments depending on what biome
they were from. So to get enchanted
books, you'd need to find a few
different villages. And people hated
this because they thought it would be
grindier than just re-rolling trades.
But while far from perfect, this update
got so much undeserved hate. First,
people hated that finding villages would
take just as much luck as re-rolling
trades. But it wouldn't because Mojang
made cgraphers trade maps to other
village types so you could find villages
much easier. Next, people hated that
they'd need to transport villagers
around for trading, but you could just
trade with them there. And we have happy
guests now, so this wouldn't be that big
of a deal. And finally, people hated
that this update made enchanted books
harder to get. And they're right. Things
like needing to trade with a villager
until it's max level just to get
protection three is terrible. But this
change is so much more fun than rolling
villagers. And I would know because I
spent 30 minutes to not even get the
right enchantment in the video above the
title.